---
title: AU-20221129
tags: [Learning-Efficiency/Note, English]
started: 2022-11-29 Tue
due: 
modified: 2023-02-07 Tue
status: 
---
### Voice Typing
`win + H`  
I'm trying to voice typing Some Words in this article.  
Better Word Count
### What I learned Today?
#### 1. English-Time
##### 1.1. Why are English Speaking and sharing hard?
An ~~very~~ interesting Scenario that I notice when I'm take trying to share the knowledge I learned in Note taking in English is that when someone can use certain knowledge or skills very well doesn't mean that he or she can smoothly teach or share that knowledge or skills with other people.  
Why is that?
- English
- Logic
- Think before you speak/ write?
#### 2. [[Life Questions#✍️NOTE]]
##### 2.1. How to take effect notes?
~~Hello。in this recording，I'm going to show With You how to take effective notes。  
Hello in this recording I'm trying to uh,  
I I want to show you some effective ways to take notes.  
Hello, in this recording I'm going to share with you some. Effective ways to take notes.  
An effective note taking measures. Actually, I think it's. Some. I think. It's not about effective ways to take notes, it's about some very important note taking. Umm. Strategies. And. Concepts. Next paragraph. Back slash end.  
Hello. In this recording, I am going to share with you some very important concepts of about note taking. After learning these important concepts of not taking, I'm, I'm sure that you are going to take much more effective notes.~~  
How to take effective notes? In this recording, I'm going to share with you some very useful methods to help you take effective notes.  
Number One. Make sure your notes are concept driven, and your notes are connected to one another. ~~And to do that, you can use a concept-driven Pattern. This pattern~~ ~~, so notes built under this pattern are closely connected to each other, and we can clearly see the connections among different notes.~~  
And that will help our brain find the information we need more quickly and effectively and eventually help our brain remember the really important concepts or knowledge we need to remember.  
Build notes as if we are building a second brain.  
~~How to take effective notes . In this recording, I'm going to share with you some very important, very useful. Consults in no taking. Number one, make sure your node is concept driven, and your nodes are closely connected to one another. To do that, you can use this subtle question. Casting note taking patterns. This pattern. Cheat our notes as our second brain. Under this pattern, our nose are closely connected, and the connections among different nodes are clear. Are clear? Are are we. So we can easily find the information that we need. And this kind of knows. Will eventually help our brain to remember the truly important concepts, knowledge or skills. Or experience that we rule, that we need to remember.~~

##### 2.2. How to be good at note taking? 
How to be really good at note taking?  
How to be really good at note taking . Here are some very important concepts that you should know about note taking before you can take any effective notes.  
Number one, we have to remember that each note is not independent, because, in the end, you are going to build connections between ~~note to between a node and a between different nodes. Right.~~  
##### 2.3. Why do we need to be good at note taking? 
So we first need to know the purpose of our notes, the purpose of note taking. Of course, note, we take note, not for the purpose of taking notes, right? We. Why do we take notes? Because we, we want to remember some very important. Things. Whether. If is. Knowledge whether whether if knowledge or skills or some other important events. All events that we need to remember, we wanted, we want, we want to help our brain to to. To find information to learn. To learn knowledge, to learn the skills. So nodes is actually our, it's actually like our second brain. So we have to treat our nodes as our second brain. 
##### 2.4. How to make notes our second brain? 
~~Well, we have.~~ Well, we have to make sure that our notes are not~~. Are not~~ independent from each other. They are connected. They are closely connected to one another. So we have to~~. We have to.~~ Avoid this tendency to create more and more new~~. New~~ independent notes, and never spend any time ~~to~~ building connections ~~to~~ to reuse our old notes. Because only when we reuse our notes as often as possible. That note will~~. Really~~ become useful and. The ==ideas. In== that note will eventually stored in our brain. And in ~~a~~ the contrast, if we only keep adding new note, ~~well~~ while ~~forget, well,~~ not spending any time. Building connections, or reusing any, any notes we have written before. Then we are~~. We are~~ simply doing ~~some~~ repetitive works ~~and works and~~ It's like ~~cheap~~ keep storing information. ==~~And that will. Also, we useless.~~ And that ~~will~~ is totally not helpful for our brain to remember The knowledge we Want to remember. In the first place. ==  
So for note taking, I think one of the most important thing is to~~. Is to~~ build connections find connections In our note. And by doing that. We can help our brain to build connections. We we can eventually connect The knowledge or ideas that we have learned or experience before.

### How to say?
万事开头难
- Everything is difficult at the start  
- Got Off To A Rough Start  
- Every beginning is hard
- The first step is the hardest
### English-Learning Website
- [沪江英语学习网](https://www.hjenglish.com/new/p683687/)

