---
title: 怎样追踪管理落实个人项目——通过 Obsidian 笔记
topic: [[前端学习工作流]]
tags: [How-to, todo, Front-End, PKM]
started: 2023-04-25 Tue
due: 
modified: 2023-04-25 Tue
status: ⚪Capturing
AutoNoteMover: disable
---
## 怎样追踪管理落实个人项目——通过 Obsidian 笔记
To have a clearer picture of what I need to do, and how I can work more efficiently in order to land a job as a **front-end engineer**, these are things I did yesterday ([[2023-04-24]]).
### # 1 Canvas Review
First, I wanted to have a quick review of everything I have done and map out what I possibly need to do visually. 
- ? How can I visually map out everything in my mind and link to notes?  
I used Obsidian Canvas.  
The canvas plugin - `Canvas Node?` enabled me to automatically relink my canvas cards based on the shortest route. And I set a hotkey for this function: `Alt Shift C`.  
I created a *Project Overview* canvas- [[Projects Overview.canvas]] 
- ! But it's still rather time-consuming for me to edit on canvas.  
I had to switch between my mouse and keyboard constantly when editing on canvas. I haven't find any ways that can enable me to add card like in Mindmap with hotkeys.  
Are there any better ways to use canvas?  
I haven't figured out yet. #todo
### # 2 Project Folder and Notes Rebuild
Then, I realized to review in a more efficient way, it's of utmost necessity to review the notes I have already created. But my notes are stored in different folders, not visually trackable and editable and not in an actionable atom pieces, even the graph view seems like a giant web mess. A new question popped out:
- ? How can I track, organize, modify and use my notes in a more efficient and valuable way? 

I re-organized my project folder into `GeekEnglish` by referring to the [[Ultimate Productivity System-CODE|CODE-Framework]] and note refactor, zettelkasten method.  
I tried these plugins in Obsidian which helped me in different ways:
#### 1. Auto Note Mover
- To move my note to a specified folder
- `AutoNoteMover: disable` if you don't want your note to be moved automatically 
#### 2. [[Obs-QuickAdd|QuickAdd]] + [[Obs-Memos|Memo]]
- To log my daily activities and ideas into daily note
#### 3. [[Obs-QuickAdd|QuickAdd]] + [[Obs-Templater|Templater]]
- To add a new note based on templates and put it into a specified folder
#### 4. [[Obs-QuickAdd|QuickAdd]] + Button + [[Obs-Templater|Templater]] + Waypoint + Folder Note
- To add moc automatically to folder notes
- `%% moc %%` 
#### 5. Note Refactor
- To extract my note into smaller atom pieces
- `Alt Shift S`
#### 6. Projects
- To see my notes and modify their tags and status in a table, kanban, or calendar view
#### 7. Workspace-plus (+Workspace) 
- To help me quickly switch back and forth to different workspaces
- ! But folders will keep expanding which is distracting

## 相关笔记

```start-multi-column
ID: ID_diqd
Number of Columns: 2
Largest Column: standard
Border: disabled 
```

**Previous**
[[2023-04-24]]
[[2023-04-25]]
[[Ultimate Productivity System-CODE]]
[[How to Organize Knowledge]]

--- column-end ---

**Next**
[[Obs-Task Management (Basic)]]
[[Obs-Project and Task Management (Advanced)]]
[[07.Obs-Review, Refactor and Distill]]

=== end-multi-column
