---
Title: 2302.01-Script
id: 2302.01.SRT
tags: Video-Project/2302.01
DateStarted: 2023-02-25
DateModified: 2023-04-12
DateDue: 2023-02-24
status: ✅
---

```toc

```

#### 1. Intro

- Hi! My name is Jennifer. I used to be an English teacher. But now I have spent months learning something I feel excited about - programming, specifically speaking, front-end engineering.

#### 2. Why do I decide to make a career shift?

- I know how incredible this sounds like for an English teacher trying to learn something seemingly irrelevant to her major.
- But I've constantly asked myself "Is teaching students how to pass English examinations or doing translation the only thing I can do?"
- Sure not.
- English is more than that and life is more than English.
- There are tons of interesting things worth to explore and I am still passionate about learning. Why not take a shot?

#### 3. Why do I choose front-end engineering?

- I know recently with AI technologies like ChatGPT, and the increasingly competitive job market, there're sayings like "coding is dead", "front-end engineering is dead."
- But what else isn't dead if we choose to be pessimistic like that? I take uncertainty as opportunities.
- Front-end engineering is still a great start for beginners to experience the power of computer science and programming.
- With front-end engineering technology, we can build fantastic UIs for almost all applications we are using today, whether it's a website, an app or a mini-program.

#### 4. Power of English

- With Proficiency in both Chinese and English, we will have extra opportunities to be a better learner,
- to have a previlege to learn from authentic resources and documents at ease, to have a different perspective of thinking.
- But to be a qualified front-end engineer, it requires tons of skills and knowledge that you can never learn enough.
- For sure, it is not an easy path. To be honest, it has taken longer time and more efforts than I expected.

#### 5. Do I regret about choosing Front-end engineering?

- Not a bit.
- Because despite the challenges, I've also learned so much and I do have grown my skills in a way that I'd never thought of.
- There's still a long way to go but I know with the skills I'm learning, I will be able to build something cool with code. I will experience a different life.

#### 6. Conclusion

- So I'm happy about what I'm learning and hope to share more lessons and stories with you in this journey.
- Thanks for your watching. See you next time. Take care!
