---
title: Priority-React Learning Plan
tags: 学习记录/周一
started: 2023-01-30 Mon
due: 2023-01
modified: 2023-01-30 Mon
status: Doing
---
# Priority-React Learning Plan
## Daily Reflection
Till today, you've spent 9 days on trying out ways to improve your spoken English while learning front-end technology, 9 days relaxing with your family, 3 days on JS reflection, 3 days on learning React, 1 day on Figma and another 2 days on reflection, with only 1 day left this month. You can see how ambitious you are. 
Even though at the beginning of this month you set a goal to learn and master React mainly this month, you still end up spending a considerable amount of time thinking about how to be able to speak English like a professional.
You know how much your time cost, but the main motivation driving you to do what you've been doing is to be able to make value out of what you're capable of - English and be truly good at it, so that you can take advantage of your strength to benefit more people and make greater impact. 
With that being concerned, it does make sense to build and enhance the following skills:
- English writing and speaking
	- Recording Videos  
	- Writing Blogs
	- Social Media
- Photo and video editing
**But** there has to be a **focus** in terms of what you truly want to share. English is a language and a communicating tool which needs to be based on things we care. 
Currently, if what you care is to be able to work as **a front-end engineer** with an English major background, think about the requirement for a front-end engineer rather than the requirement for an English major. Think about why you want to work as a front-end engineer and what you want to do with the skills you're trying to learn.  
In the end, your goal is to make your life better and easier, benefit people, make greater impact and make money enough to achieve the first goal. In this sense, you need to **be more focused**, because time is limited but skills are endless. We can only expect to excel in one aspect first then seek to achieve more. 
So if you are serious about finding a job as soon as possible as a front-end engineer, work hard and attentively on learning and improving your programming skills. Anything else is merely distraction.
There's nothing wrong about sharing, but if you want make good impact and truly benefit people with what you share, wait till you have **acquired the skills** that can make enough money to support yourself, wait till your **note** is good enough.
## What's my goal today?
#### 1. [[Front-End Engineering]]
- **[[React]]** - Learn with [GitHub - bradtraversy/feedback-app: React feedback app from React course](https://github.com/bradtraversy/feedback-app)

## What're my biggest achievements?
### ✍️New Notes

```dataview
TABLE title, started, status
WHERE file.cday = date(2023-01-30)
SORT file.mday DESC
```

### 📝Modified Notes

```dataview
TABLE title, started, status
WHERE file.mday = date(2023-01-30) AND file.cday != date(2023-01-30) AND contains(modified, "2023-01-30")
SORT file.mday ASC
```

### 🌍English-Time

```dataview
TABLE title, started, status
WHERE tags = "英语学习" and contains(started, "2023-01-30") or tags = "英语学习" and contains(modified,"2023-01-30") 
SORT started ASC
```

### 🗺️Graph View of Today

## Where can I improve?
- [x] Photo and video back up to BaiduDisk
## Task Tracking
### Morning Prep
- [x] 07:30 Note Review/Update
- [x] 08:40 Breakfast
### Morning Task
- [x] 09:20 Note Review/Update
- [x] 12:20 Lunch
### Afternoon Task
- [x] 13:00 Tech & Project
- [x] 16:30 English-Time
- [x] 18:30 Dinner
### Evening Break
